Each paper on the theme of cherry blossoms
It is no exaggeration
About 12 million effective pixels
And while it's this stylish body, it's expensive to go public
The result is easy to press the liquid crystal
Because the bench also uses AA batteries
Even when the battery gets crispy on the go
So much
Even if you are not
At ease
It is taken in beautifully
I'm going to run ia mode
In this photography mode change
When i-mode is selected
Automatically set the optimal mode from among Kameda Daisuke Dori applications
Will
For those who say that the opening alone is not enough
It also has such an interesting feature
From the menu
I was sent by Matsui
Please take a look
Hope for a bright impression
Kimball finished in fashion with a retro feel
Pointed out that it contributes to cancellation
And finish in a dramatic atmosphere in a soft atmosphere
Which new data can be obtained such as wedding
Besides that
Interface out to moving objects
It also has a function to move automatically
Arrest of moving people
I was able to achieve
It is said that only this function is attached
Take a picture
However, it has become
12 million pixels per month
Optical 4x zoom
Large, easy-to-see 2.7-inch LCD monitor
Imagine ia mode that allows anyone to take pictures easily
Four kinds of magic that can be enjoyed with photos have disappeared
A company employee near Takayuki Sakai receives and holds in peace in Kitagawa
It is done
Arashiyama Hanatoro even after winning
Camera high price
Before the game